When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Your code is safe if something happens to your local computer!

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
You might be working on something in progress and don't want it overwritten. Or you are working ahead and don't want the work to be erased.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forking is cloning a repository from one github account repository to another Github repository. Information of the original repository is included.
Cloning is making a copy of a repository from A Github or local to local. No original repo info is transferred.
Branching is to make a new version of an existing repo, usually to work one a certain feature, or make a different version of the repo (different method, game difficulty).
Used when you want to work on a version of the repo without changing the master branch/other branches.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
You can compare it with your master branch and see if your local master branch is ahead, behind, in sync, or out of sync with the remote. Then you will know whether you need to commit, merge, or do nothing to make sure your master and remote are up to date. It also doesn't require internet in case you want to work offline for a bit.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Being able to track changes would be harder. Figuring out which code did what would be harder. For small projects, it might be faster, since pushing code, pullng code, and making pull requests from github might take some time. It mostly would be harder to work together long distance.

Useful Links about Git and Committing and making Sublime the default Windows text editor:

How to save a commit message via default (VIM)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13340329/how-to-save-a-git-commit-message-from-windows-cmd

How to change the default editor to Sublime
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8951275/how-can-i-make-sublime-text-the-default-editor-for-git